Added documentation for GET endpoints (#61)
lolPants/beatsaver-reloaded: docs/content/endpoints/maps.md

# /maps

> The `maps` endpoint has 6 subendpoints which API users can interact with. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maps` endpoint has 6 routes that allow you to retrieve Beatmap information in different ordering configurations.
```

## /maps/detail/{Beatmap Key}
_Example: https://beatsaver.com/api/maps/detail/2f3e_

Given a Beatmap Key, this endpoint will return the Beatmap from the database.

## /maps/uploader/{User ID}
_Example: https://beatsaver.com/api/maps/uploader/5cff0b7298cc5a672c84e8c4_

Given a user's ID, this endpoint will return all Beatmaps which they've created.

## /maps/by-hash/{Beatmap Hash}
_Example: https://beatsaver.com/api/maps/by-hash/ccf70e940a4ec45c70a8f3ae7be18a2ea771461d_

Given a Beatmap Hash, this endpoint will return the Beatmap from the database.

## /maps/hot/

> _Endpoint: https://beatsaver.com/api/maps/hot_

Reviewer: These endpoint annotations add nothing.
